docs/auth.md, before:

# Auth

## Table of Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [General info](#general-info)
  - [Auth via email flow](#auth-via-email-flow)
  - [Auth via external services or social networks flow](#auth-via-external-services-or-social-networks-flow)
- [Configure Auth](#configure-auth)
- [Auth via Apple](#auth-via-apple)
- [Auth via Facebook](#auth-via-facebook)
- [Auth via Google](#auth-via-google)
- [Auth via Twitter](#auth-via-twitter)
- [Logout](#logout)

---

## General info

### Auth via email flow

By default boilerplate used sign in and sign up via email and password.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant A as Fronted App (Web, Mobile, Desktop)
    participant B as Backend App

    A->>B: 1. Sign up via email and password
    A->>B: 2. Sign in via email and password
    B->>A: 3. Get a JWT token
    A->>B: 4. Make any requests using a JWT token
```

<https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6001723/224566194-1c1f4e98-5691-4703-b30e-92f99ec5d929.mp4>

### Auth via external services or social networks flow

Also you can sign up via another external services or social networks like Apple, Facebook, Google, and Twitter.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant B as External Auth Services (Apple, Google, etc)
    participant A as Fronted App (Web, Mobile, Desktop)
    participant C as Backend App

    A->>B: 1. Sign in through an external service
    B->>A: 2. Get Access Token
    A->>C: 3. Send Access Token to auth endpoint
    C->>A: 4. Get a JWT token
    A->>C: 5. Make any requests using a JWT token
```

For auth with external services or social networks you need:

1. Sign in through an external service and get access token(s).
1. Call one of endpoints with access token received in frontend app on 1-st step and get JWT token from the backend app.

   ```text
   POST /api/v1/auth/facebook/login

   POST /api/v1/auth/google/login

   POST /api/v1/auth/twitter/login

   POST /api/v1/auth/apple/login
   ```

1. Make any requests using a JWT token

---

## Configure Auth

1. Generate secret keys for `access token` and `refresh token`:

   ```bash
   node -e "console.log('\nAUTH_JWT_SECRET=' + require('crypto').randomBytes(256).toString('base64') + '\nAUTH_REFRESH_SECRET=' + require('crypto').randomBytes(256).toString('base64'));"
   ```

1. Go to `/.env` and replace `AUTH_JWT_SECRET` and `AUTH_REFRESH_SECRET` with output from step 1.

   ```text
   AUTH_JWT_SECRET=HERE_SECRET_KEY_FROM_STEP_1
   AUTH_REFRESH_SECRET=HERE_SECRET_KEY_FROM_STEP_1
   ```

## Auth via Apple

1. [Set up your service on Apple](https://www.npmjs.com/package/apple-signin-auth)
1. Change `APPLE_APP_AUDIENCE` in `.env`

   ```text
   APPLE_APP_AUDIENCE=["com.company", "com.company.web"]
   ```

## Auth via Facebook

1. Go to https://developers.facebook.com/apps/creation/ and create a new app
   <img alt="image" src="https://github.com/brocoders/nestjs-boilerplate/assets/6001723/05721db2-9d26-466a-ad7a-072680d0d49b">

   <img alt="image" src="https://github.com/brocoders/nestjs-boilerplate/assets/6001723/9f4aae18-61da-4abc-9304-821a0995a306">
2. Go to `Settings` -> `Basic` and get `App ID` and `App Secret` from your app
   <img alt="image" src="https://github.com/brocoders/nestjs-boilerplate/assets/6001723/b0fc7d50-4bc6-45d0-8b20-fda0b6c01ac2">
3. Change `FACEBOOK_APP_ID` and `FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET` in `.env`

   ```text
   FACEBOOK_APP_ID=123
   FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=abc
   ```

## Auth via Google

1. Set up your service on Google
1. Change `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID` and `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET` in `.env`

   ```text
   GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=abc
   GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=abc
   ```

## Auth via Twitter

1. Set up your service on Twitter
1. Change `TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY` and `TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET` in `.env`

   ```text
   TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY=abc
   TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=abc
   ```

## Logout

1. Call following endpoint:

   ```text
   POST /api/v1/auth/logout
   ```

1. Remove `access token` and `refresh token` from your client app (cookies, localStorage, etc).

---

Previous: [Working with database](database.md)

Next: [Serialization](serialization.md)

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for Google config

docs/auth.md, after:

# Auth

## Table of Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [General info](#general-info)
  - [Auth via email flow](#auth-via-email-flow)
  - [Auth via external services or social networks flow](#auth-via-external-services-or-social-networks-flow)
- [Configure Auth](#configure-auth)
- [Auth via Apple](#auth-via-apple)
- [Auth via Facebook](#auth-via-facebook)
- [Auth via Google](#auth-via-google)
- [Auth via Twitter](#auth-via-twitter)
- [Logout](#logout)

---

## General info

### Auth via email flow

By default boilerplate used sign in and sign up via email and password.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant A as Fronted App (Web, Mobile, Desktop)
    participant B as Backend App

    A->>B: 1. Sign up via email and password
    A->>B: 2. Sign in via email and password
    B->>A: 3. Get a JWT token
    A->>B: 4. Make any requests using a JWT token
```

<https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6001723/224566194-1c1f4e98-5691-4703-b30e-92f99ec5d929.mp4>

### Auth via external services or social networks flow

Also you can sign up via another external services or social networks like Apple, Facebook, Google, and Twitter.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant B as External Auth Services (Apple, Google, etc)
    participant A as Fronted App (Web, Mobile, Desktop)
    participant C as Backend App

    A->>B: 1. Sign in through an external service
    B->>A: 2. Get Access Token
    A->>C: 3. Send Access Token to auth endpoint
    C->>A: 4. Get a JWT token
    A->>C: 5. Make any requests using a JWT token
```

For auth with external services or social networks you need:

1. Sign in through an external service and get access token(s).
1. Call one of endpoints with access token received in frontend app on 1-st step and get JWT token from the backend app.

   ```text
   POST /api/v1/auth/facebook/login

   POST /api/v1/auth/google/login

   POST /api/v1/auth/twitter/login

   POST /api/v1/auth/apple/login
   ```

1. Make any requests using a JWT token

---

## Configure Auth

1. Generate secret keys for `access token` and `refresh token`:

   ```bash
   node -e "console.log('\nAUTH_JWT_SECRET=' + require('crypto').randomBytes(256).toString('base64') + '\nAUTH_REFRESH_SECRET=' + require('crypto').randomBytes(256).toString('base64'));"
   ```

1. Go to `/.env` and replace `AUTH_JWT_SECRET` and `AUTH_REFRESH_SECRET` with output from step 1.

   ```text
   AUTH_JWT_SECRET=HERE_SECRET_KEY_FROM_STEP_1
   AUTH_REFRESH_SECRET=HERE_SECRET_KEY_FROM_STEP_1
   ```

## Auth via Apple

1. [Set up your service on Apple](https://www.npmjs.com/package/apple-signin-auth)
1. Change `APPLE_APP_AUDIENCE` in `.env`

   ```text
   APPLE_APP_AUDIENCE=["com.company", "com.company.web"]
   ```

## Auth via Facebook

1. Go to https://developers.facebook.com/apps/creation/ and create a new app
   <img alt="image" src="https://github.com/brocoders/nestjs-boilerplate/assets/6001723/05721db2-9d26-466a-ad7a-072680d0d49b">

   <img alt="image" src="https://github.com/brocoders/nestjs-boilerplate/assets/6001723/9f4aae18-61da-4abc-9304-821a0995a306">
2. Go to `Settings` -> `Basic` and get `App ID` and `App Secret` from your app
   <img alt="image" src="https://github.com/brocoders/nestjs-boilerplate/assets/6001723/b0fc7d50-4bc6-45d0-8b20-fda0b6c01ac2">
3. Change `FACEBOOK_APP_ID` and `FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET` in `.env`

   ```text
   FACEBOOK_APP_ID=123
   FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=abc
   ```

## Auth via Google

1. You need a `CLIENT_ID`, `CLIENT_SECRET`. You can find these pieces of information by going to the [Developer Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), clicking your project (if doesn't have create it here https://console.cloud.google.com/projectcreate) -> `APIs & services` -> `credentials`.
1. Change `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID` and `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET` in `.env`

   ```text
   GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=abc
   GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=abc
   ```

## Auth via Twitter

1. Set up your service on Twitter
1. Change `TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY` and `TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET` in `.env`

   ```text
   TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY=abc
   TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=abc
   ```

## Logout

1. Call following endpoint:

   ```text
   POST /api/v1/auth/logout
   ```

1. Remove `access token` and `refresh token` from your client app (cookies, localStorage, etc).

---

Previous: [Working with database](database.md)

Next: [Serialization](serialization.md)
